=== CVE 1 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attacker needs only Network (N)
access to exploit this vulnerability with a Low (L) attack complexity and no
user interaction (N). The CVSS vector also indicates that the attacker can gain
High (H) control over the system, which implies that the attacker gains Root
privileges. 

##POSTCONDITION Root

=== CVE 2 === The vulnerability allows attackers with contributor-level
permissions to inject arbitrary web scripts in pages. This implies that the
attacker can run code as a normal user, but the classification is not Root
because the attacker must first authenticate and meet the contributor-level
permission requirement. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 3 === The attacker exploits a CSRF vulnerability to perform unauthorized
user password resets. The CVSS vector shows that the vulnerability allows
attackers to perform Remote (N) attacks with Low complexity (L) and Normal
privileges (N) but does not provide any system control or data access.
Therefore, the attacker can only reset the target user's password, which is a
user-level action. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 4 === The vulnerability allows an authenticated attacker to obtain a
logged-in administrator's session information containing cookies. Although the
attacker can leverage cookies to impersonate the administrator, the CVSS vector
does not indicate any privilege escalation (PR:L) or system control (C:H)
gained. Therefore, the attacker gains user-level access to the system. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 5 === The attacker exploits a crafted TAR archive to read it with a
verbose value of 2, but the 100-byte buffer may not be sufficient for a custom
locale. This vulnerability does not seem to provide any remote code execution or
shell access. It appears to be a denial-of-service vulnerability. The attacker
cannot gain full system or administrative access. The attacker gains user-level
access. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 6 === The attacker must be authenticated to exploit this vulnerability,
and they can manipulate the database. However, they do not gain full system or
administrative access; they gain only user-level access to the database. The 'NT
AUTHORITY\NetworkService' account has limited privileges. Therefore, the
attacker can execute code with these permissions but cannot escalate privileges
to root or administrator. 

##POSTCONDITION User
