=== CVE 1 === Justification: The impact of the vulnerability is high (I:H), but
the attack vector is local (AV:L), and the privilege required is low (PR:L).
This suggests that an attacker with local access and low privileges can gain
full user-level access. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 2 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is local (L), the
attack complexity is low (L), the privilege required is low (L), the user
interface required is remote (R), the scope is changed (U), the confidentiality
impact is high (H), the integrity impact is high (H), and the availability
impact is high (H). 

Given these metrics, the attacker can exploit the vulnerability with low
privileges and gain higher privileges. Therefore, the attacker can potentially
escalate privileges to root, achieving full system or administrative access.

##POSTCONDITION Root

=== CVE 3 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is network-based,
the attack complexity is low, and the privileged vector is none. This suggests
that the attacker can exploit the vulnerability without needing any specific
privileges. Therefore, the attacker gains at least user-level access. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 4 === Justification: The lack of privilege requirement (PR:N) and the
absence of confidentiality (C:N) and integrity (I:N) impact suggest that the
attacker gains user-level access after successful exploitation. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 5 === The attacker must have a low privilege level (N) to exploit this
vulnerability, and the impact is limited to high availability (A:H). This
suggests that successful exploitation will result in user-level access. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 6 === The attacker can manipulate the configuration of the application
using a crafted file, but they cannot escalate privileges to root.
Justification: The low privilege requirement (PR:L) and the lack of impact on
confidentiality, integrity, or availability suggest user-level access. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 7 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is network-based
(AV:N), the attack complexity is low (AC:L), the privilege required is none
(PR:N), and the user interaction is none (UI:N). The impact is high (H) for both
confidentiality and integrity, and the attack vector is at the data level (A:H). 

Given that the attack requires no privileges and the attacker gains full system
or administrative access, the classification is: 

##POSTCONDITION Root

=== CVE 8 === Justification: The high impact on confidentiality, integrity, and
availability suggests that the attacker gains full system or administrative
access after exploitation. 

##POSTCONDITION Root

=== CVE 9 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is network-based
(N), the attack complexity is low (L), and the privilege required is none (N).
However, the impact is high (H) for both confidentiality and integrity. This
suggests that the attacker gains full control over the system after
exploitation. 

##POSTCONDITION Root

=== CVE 10 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is local (L),
the attack complexity is low (L), the required privileges are low (L), and the
user interface is none (N). However, the impact is high across all categories
(C:H, I:H, A:H). This suggests that the attacker can gain full system or
administrative access. 

##POSTCONDITION Root

=== CVE 11 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is local (L),
the access complexity is low (L), the required privileges are low (L), and the
user interface is none (N). The impact is high (H) on confidentiality,
integrity, and availability. Given the local access, low privileges, and high
impact, the attacker likely gains root-level access. 

##POSTCONDITION Root

=== CVE 12 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is local (L),
access complexity is low (L), privilege required is none (N), and user
interaction is required (R). This suggests that the attacker can exploit the
vulnerability without requiring high-level privileges. Therefore, the attacker
gains user-level access. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 13 === Justification: The impact of this vulnerability is limited to
integrity (I) with no confidentiality or availability impact, and it requires
network access (AV:N) but does not require privilege elevation (PR:N) or user
interaction (UI:N). This suggests that the attacker gains user-level access to
the system. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 14 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is
network-based, the attack complexity is low, and the privileges required are
none. However, the impact is high for both confidentiality and integrity, and
availability is also high. This suggests that the vulnerability allows an
attacker to gain full system or administrative access. 

##POSTCONDITION Root

=== CVE 15 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is local (L),
the attack complexity is low (L), the required privileges are low (L), and the
user interface is none (N). However, the impact is high across all categories
(C:H, I:H, A:H). This suggests that the attacker can gain full system or
administrative access. 

##POSTCONDITION Root

=== CVE 16 === The attacker must have a low privilege (L) to exploit the
vulnerability, and the only privilege they can gain is that of a low-level user
(PR:L). Thus, the attacker gains user-level access to the system. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 17 === Justification: The low impact on confidentiality and integrity
suggests that the attacker gains user-level access.

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 18 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is local (L),
access complexity is low (L), privilege required is low (L), and user interface
is none (N). However, the privilege required is listed as L, which suggests
exploitation at the user level. Furthermore, the impact is high for
confidentiality, integrity, and availability, but the vector does not indicate
that the attack requires elevated privileges to exploit. Therefore, the attacker
can exploit the vulnerability at the user level. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 19 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is local (L),
the access complexity is low (L), the privilege required is none (N), and the
user impact is high (H). This suggests that the attacker can gain full system or
administrative access without any initial privileges. 

##POSTCONDITION Root

=== CVE 20 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is local (L),
access complexity is low (L), privilege required is low-level (L), and user
interface is none (N). This suggests that the exploitation is possible with
low-level system access. Therefore, the attacker can gain full system or
administrative access once they successfully exploit the vulnerability. 

##POSTCONDITION Root

=== CVE 21 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is
network-based, the attack complexity is low, and the privileged vector is none.
This suggests that the attacker can exploit the vulnerability without needing
any specific privileges. Therefore, the attacker gains at least user-level
access. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 22 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is local (L),
access complexity is low (L), privilege required is none (N), and user
interaction is required (R). This suggests that once the attacker gains local
access and user interaction, they can exploit the vulnerability without needing
any specific privileges.

##POSTCONDITION User Justification: The attacker can run code as a normal user,
access user files, and potentially escalate privileges to root, but the
classification is most likely user-level access.

=== CVE 23 === The attacker must have local access and successfully exploit the
vulnerability to run a malicious script as the current user. This suggests
user-level access is gained. However, the vulnerability does not escalate
privileges. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 24 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is
network-based, the attack complexity is low, and the privileged vector is none.
This suggests that the attacker can exploit the vulnerability without needing
any specific privileges. Therefore, the attacker gains at least user-level
access. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 25 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is
network-based, the attack complexity is low, the required privileges are low,
and the user interface is not required. The impact is high for confidentiality,
integrity, and availability, but the privilege level required to exploit the
vulnerability is listed as low privileges. 

Given the low privileges required, the attacker can gain user-level access.
Therefore, the attacker can run code as a normal user and access user-level
files. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 26 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is
network-based, the attack complexity is low, the required privileges are low,
and the user interface is not required. Since the privileges required are low
(L), the attacker can gain user-level access. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 27 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is local (L),
the attack complexity is low (L), and the required privileges are high (H). This
suggests that the attacker needs to be physically present on the system and have
high privileges to exploit the vulnerability. Therefore, the attacker would
likely have user-level access to the system. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 28 === The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector is Area (A), the
attack complexity is Low (L), the privilege required is None (N), and the user
impact is None (N). This suggests that exploitation does not require any
privileges or user-level access. 

##POSTCONDITION None

=== CVE 29 === Justification: The CVSS vector indicates that the attack vector
is network-based (N), requires low complexity (L), and requires no privileges
(N) to perform. However, the impact is high (H) for both confidentiality and
integrity, suggesting that the attacker gains full system or administrative
access. 

##POSTCONDITION Root

=== CVE 30 === The attacker can manipulate the configuration of the application
using a malicious .jar file to escalate privileges. The exploit requires local
access, and the attacker must have local privileges to exploit the
vulnerability. The attacker can then gain higher privileges than the current
user. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 31 === Justification: The lack of privilege requirement (PR:N) and the
absence of confidentiality (C:N) and integrity (I:N) impact suggest that the
attacker gains user-level access after successful exploitation. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 32 === Justification: The attack vector is set to network (N), attack
complexity is low (L), and the required privileges are low (L). This suggests
that the attacker can exploit the vulnerability with minimal effort and run code
at a normal user level. 

##POSTCONDITION User

=== CVE 33 === Justification: The attack requires a low privilege level (L) and
can only be executed from a network source (N), but it does not explicitly
require administrative privileges or a root shell. Therefore, the attacker can
only gain user-level access. 

##POSTCONDITION User
